hi i'm back for some more pokemon rumble
blast today we're going to head into
team battle IX dash 3 which is right
over here I don't know why I always
point out where it is it's just pretty
stupid though it's just something I do
it's force of habit leaving in room oh
my god you guys are already raging at me
I didn't even start the episode no no I
can use that forgot let's just use oh my
god let's just use you how about that
know how about you great same thing I
keep doing that I keep doing them now
let's just use a random one that's how
good I am I can pick a random one but
this is team battle IX dash three we
can't ah let's see I don't know I don't
know how to tell the truth right now
excuse you jolt I'm not that bad right
alright hopefully y'all agree with my
did i say y'all you guys agree with my
team wow I always say something stupid
before that thing I don't know
wow this is still way to leave what's
going on man might like invisible or
something this is just I should have
done battle royale IX dash one and then
two battles the X dash thing that's
going but no I had to do all shot at one
you guys some and easy oh ok actually
this isn't oh wait nevermind I just
didn't see the boss there there we go ok
what he does this appear to just
exploded or something what happened
there I'm sleeping I completely skip
that is that the boss not all right good
all right good oh now is this the boss
if it's grout on I'm gonna be kind of
magical and girls what so brought on is
good enough to be the boss on that pi
over nothing I don't have anything
against crowd on I don't approach I / /
baton I just like them both oh yeah it
could be you for a pile of course
requires a reply what ever you I don't
know I don't know all right I don't know
how did they set it in the movie it was
probably like Greg quail Eric what I
don't know don't correct me neither
because I don't know anything about this
this guy scared it was too it's fun all
the way over there yes
hmm it's actually pretty sad humiliating
all these bosses just completely
dominating and yeah it's just wow that's
something you would expect from a toga
kiss ticking down a Kyogre I like that
jolteon and flower I don't know it's
just not something you would see in the
movies all right we're pretty close to
matching the Battle Royale TX in such a
little time and I didn't even take that
much effort Wow I'll see you guys on the
next pokemon rumble blast walkthrough
episode remember click like subscribe
and I'll see you guys next time